[Template] Remove Outdated Stress Assets (#34041)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/template/.content/stress/README.md

> For information on reliability testing with the Azure SDK stress test framework, please refer to the [Reliability testing wiki](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_wiki/wikis/internal.wiki/463/Reliability-Testing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on reliability testing with the Azure SDK stress test framework, please refer to the [Reliability testing wiki](https://aka.ms/azsdk/stress).
```

Reviewer: Looks like this shows up in a few other spots too?
